In every family,
people have their role.
I guess there's no one here!
Mine was the fun one,
the goofball.
No! Ha-ha!
The lovable screw-up
in the family
who, mostly, had it together.
My notes, Ben!
Her notes, Ben!
Yes, Ben!
I'm sorry!
That's it!
No! No! No!
Argh! Don't! Ha!
Surrender your weapon, sir.
Now look at us.
Me aside,
the Rafters are a mess.
Mum and Dad
gone from joined at the hip
to daily calls.
Nathan OK?
About to take him biking.
Good.
I was thinking Rachel
should be home by about now.
Uh, yeah.
Rachel tied to her desk,
soon to factor in
being a single mum.
And poor old Nath.
Single dad twice-divorced,
building screwed,
and barely holding down
a part-time job.
- Want to go again?
- Come on!
You do know, Dad, you've
got your very own Carbo here.
You reckon? Not quite.
I'm good. I'm good here. You go.
OK. Won't be long.
Suddenly,
I'm the functional one.
Can't take all the credit.
The kids would love
a bag of red frogs.
And some red cordial
to wash them down?
And then a ladder
to get them off the ceiling.
Mum always said
'You'll know when you know.'
And I did.
Hello.
My future just a wall away.
This is a bit weird.
Thank God you swiped right.
Would you like a drink?
Yes.
I stretched out my break
until Donna
threatened to fire me.
I still can't believe she swiped
right, let alone married me.
Welcome home, Mrs. Rafter.
Ooh! I like that.
And maybe that's why,
just like that,
the goofball was gone.
Now I was son,
brother, uncle, husband.
And as for father?
Work in progress.
Babe?
Hm.
I really don't think
we should take it.
Hm?
Rachel's money.
That's good. It's all good.
I don't feel comfortable
taking money from her.
Sweetheart, Rach doesn't do
anything she doesn't want to.
I get that, but I'm saying
I don't want to take it.
It'll put us
way ahead of the game.
Soon as you're back on deck...
We work because we talk,
like Mum and Dad used to.
Ben Rafter -
never thought I'd say it -
the most together one
in the family.
You don't think you're obsessed?
What else are weekends for?
Fair enough.
One here for you.
Uh...
It's a good place here.
Tell that to your mum for me.
I just want you to know
that I haven't come up
here to avoid responsibility.
I know you think that I was
reckless for chucking in my job.
Just worried.
But if I hadn't, I would've
snapped or had a breakdown.
I don't know. I was no good
to Eddie the way that I was.
My thinking was to come here
and get my strength back.
For him.
You're in the right spot.
Seems like it. Yeah.
- Here he is!
- You ready to shred it?
I was thinking we
should take Nath
up around Patterson's track.
You know,
the one I told you about.
Yeah...
I don't think
you have much choice.
Well done.
Know a senator dragging
the chain on climate policy?
What do you give them,
other than a lump of coal?
- Stress poo!
- And flush 'em down the loo.
Stress poos?
This OK with Observation Earth?
Save the planet with
a biodegradable stress poo.
Uh, it's a bit more
than I expected,
but...
...I'm sure it's fine.
Mm. I guess.
Hey, if having us all
at your place gets too much,
please just say -
Donna has offered us a room.
I will, but it's fine -
honestly.
Come on through
and get one today.
Hey, buddy,
you're looking stressed.
Why don't you give your
stress poo a hefty press? Whoo!
Listen, I might slip away
and see Dad.
Are you right to take
Edward home?
Yeah. Of course.
If both those kids
get carried away
you can always get Ben
to calm them down.
Yeah, OK.
Hello?
Take that, Chuck.
Don't poo-poo
the stress poo!
Justin? American Justin?
How can I help you, mate?
Do you understand
what 'bad optics' means?
Um...
It means
'Shut down the live stream.'
You're hawking
plastic landfill, man.
I'm pretty sure
they're biodegradable.
Just be glad it's not me
and not Rachel on this call.
But they're really into it!
I'm at Observation Earth
about to negotiate on behalf
of your family and your sister.
And if they're watching
this train wreck, they'll...
Just shut it the hell down. Now!
Copy that. Sorry.
Hey, buddy, under duress?
Here, give your stress poo
a hefty press, hey!
Cut it. Cut it! Cut it. Charles!
We should go
to that café more often.
It was great to get out,
wasn't it?
Hm.
Oh, no, Dad, maybe leave
them on for now.
Why don't we go to the lounge
room for a cup of tea?
I've got time before work.
Since when did you work?
Well, I'm just filling
in for Nathan
at the Boat Club, remember?
With Donna.
You know Donna?
That new Indian Sheila, is it?
Smells a bit funny,
if you ask me.
No, Dad. That's...
That's your nurse. Rhea.
She wears patchouli oil
and she's lovely.
I didn't say she wasn't.
Aren't we going
to some fancy café?
Maybe another day.
Good. I'm buggered.
Mrs. Rafter?
Hard morning with Dad?
Yeah.
I've got five minutes.
I'm not saying
I expected a miracle,
But I did think more time with
him would make a difference.
For who?
Well, him, obviously.
No, I know he won't get better.
I understand that.
I moved closer
to see him more often.
I've said before
that more time isn't
guaranteed quality time for him.
It may be for you
and wonderful if so
but if it makes you distressed...
Ted lives in fragments -
a fractured mosaic
remembered in parts, if at all.
So the only person more frequent
visits might help is you.
The question is
are they helping?
Well, um, I'm out here
and not in there, so...
And if Ted were well
and saw this, what would he say?
He wouldn't like
to see me upset.
Ted gets a lot more from his
family than most around here.
It's not my place to give
advice, Mrs. Rafter,
but from my experience
over the years,
don't shape your life
around him.
Thanks.
I hope she's not too bummed.
You're not too bummed
that we had to stop
the streaming, are ya?
All protest artists
get shut down.
Or it's not a real protest.
Where did you read that?
- Charles said.
- Oh.
Charles knows.
Can I keep my poo?
Yeah.
Hey, Benno, can you
just give me a hand?
I left something
back at the...stall.
Uh, yeah.
I'll catch you at the car.
- So, I had a brainwave.
- Yeah?
OK, so, um, before you guys,
you know, have another
go with the baby,
Retta and I reckon you
guys need some chill time.
So you're coming
with us to Lesbos!
Wait, what?
Lesbos? The island.
Greece! Hey?
When we go back, you can come
with us, help us break it in.
Mate, we can't afford it.
Yeah, well, I can.
I'm raking it in.
And, well, Retta reckons Cassie
seems a bit stressed lately.
Yeah, that was before
we got Rachel's money.
What, you didn't
reckon so today?
- You reckon?
- Trust Retta.
She knows these things.
So what do you say?
Are you gonna do it?
Just say yes, mate! Come on.
Greece. Just say it. Yes.
'Yes, Carbo. Yes.'
What do you reckon?
Hit the quarry next time?
Kick it up a few notches?
Hey, you were pretty good out
there. What do you say?
I'd say you've got a visitor.
- W-we'll clean the bikes.
- Yeah, whatevs.
Mrs. Spade. This is a surprise.
Really? I thought you
might've expected me.
And may I say,
before you demonise me,
Ruby's convictions
are one thing
but denigrating the school on
social media quite another.
We think you do
a great job, Mrs. Spade,
it was just this
one misunderstanding.
I have a request of you.
A local reporter
wants to do a piece
on this matter for syndication.
I was hoping you
might speak to him.
To say what?
Set the record straight.
Just explain that you understand
our decision
about Ruby's artwork.
There are two sides
to this thing, of course.
And this whole thing has gotten
wildly out of hand.
A ludicrous explosion
of worldwide attention.
No argument there but I'm
not badmouthing my daughter.
I'm not asking you to.
Simply say you understand
why we did what we did.
Well, all I know is that Rubes
put some poo on a painting
and now she's being made out
to be the next Greta
what's-her-name.
That's precisely the online
world at its very worst.
She's the hero,
we're the demons.
The whole school suffers!
It will blow over.
Friction between the parents,
quite violent exchanges.
I haven't heard any of that.
Our lovely little town has
become an international joke!
Right.
Alright.
He wants to go
to print tomorrow so...
..the sooner you phone him,
the better.
Yep.
Hi, this is Julie Rafter.
Please leave
a message after the beep.
Oh! So that's what you
were doing with Carbo?
Agreeing that we'd go
on a month's holiday.
- Ben, you really should...
- I know what you're gonna say.
But this isn't gonna cost us.
Don't think of it as a holiday.
What else would it be?
For a whole month?
Do I just drop the contracts
that I'm helping with
just after we've taken
money from Rachel?
Money to help us have a baby!
And this will be helping too.
I know it's been stressful,
and I know because
of your whole family thing
it makes it hard for
you to accept gifts, but...
It's not my family thing. It's
got nothing to do with gifts.
It's because,
you know, you never...
Carbo is coming from a...
Sorry, go ahead.
I interrupted. I'm sorry.
I couldn't speak.
Literally could not speak.
Ben gave me an opening
and it's like my mind
just went blank - I froze.
- OK.
- It wasn't logical. It was...
It was what?
It was like I was back with...
With my first husband,
if I tried to stand up to him
about the slightest thing...
Go on.
Well, I finally did stand up
to him and look what happened.
He kicked you out.
Alright. What I'm going to say
comes from love.
Do you actually
want to overcome this?
To tell Ben that
that's it for IVF?
Or do you want to keep talking
about it and talking about it
and hope that it
just fades away?
Have you ever been
to a counselor?
No.
Could you get Ben to go with you
to see someone?
It's me. Not him.
It's a relationship, Cass.
I think I have someone
I can recommend.
A few couples I know
have been a bit rocky lately.
Hm. Could the common
factor be me?
I guess I had this romantic idea
that I'd help, somehow.
It was one bad day.
Of course you're helping.
Am I, though? Who?
Dad's possibly worse. Ben and
Cassie seem to be coping.
Nathan and Edward
aren't out on the streets
and Rachel's...
she's flown in and flown out.
Where's Dave in all this?
We call.
Do you know Ben even tried
to give me marriage advice
yesterday?
Which seems to be his new role -
the family glue.
He's a good man.
I moved to help them,
not the other way around.
And I miss Dave.
Then go back.
Not without answers.
I thought it was about family.
If it wasn't...
Then what?
The million-dollar question.
Hey, have you got a minute?
Yeah, sure, sweetheart.
What do you need?
Actually, I was looking for
Donna. Have you got a sec?
I rest my case.
A month? And would you
like fries with that?
I know it's a lot,
but hear my plan.
I train up Nathan
and with Mum behind the bar
and him doing my job,
I'm covered!
You do remember
he just absented himself
with no guarantee of return.
He'll be back - in a few days,
he'll get bored. And he's skint.
Just a heads-up...
as much as I also would
love a holiday in Greece,
you have to pay me in
solid gold to go with Carbo.
Every moment of tranquillity
will be live-streamed.
You'll plunge into that
turquoise Mediterranean Sea
and he'll be down there
with his camera.
Talking underwater.
Cassie will lay down the law.
So is that a yes?
Go on. Go look after your wife.
She's lucky to have you.
I reckon too.
Thank you.
Hey.
Thanks again for chatting,
Mr. Rafter. I'll keep it quick.
Alright, look, before we start,
I think that Ruby's commitment
on climate is brilliant.
But all this fuss over her
is a huge load of crap
about a...well,
a little bit of crap.
It's all just crap.
Well, it's good
that you can laugh about it.
Yeah. Too crazy
to take seriously.
Oh! Don't know how you do it.
Looks like a hard slog.
I guess I enjoy the challenge.
There's always
a new carrot dangling.
Today, Masters.
One day, maybe a PhD.
Ooh! And your eyes just glowed.
It's just tiring. And being
broke gets very old.
You'll look back on it one day
and smile, I'm sure.
You never went to uni?
There was a saying...
'A piece of paper
won't get you a husband.'
No.
- Ah. Different times.
- Ugh.
'Typing, shorthand and home
economics is all a girl needs.'
So said Mum, bless her.
I do envy your generation.
- Anyway, thanks for today.
- Oh, no worries.
All that selling poo?
And paintings.
I think I might leave school.
I wouldn't be saying
that around Mum.
Why? I only go to school
to become an artist.
I already am one.
One good day, Rubes.
You're not Banksy.
He's a street artist.
As if I don't know that.
Even you knew that.
I was talking to Edward.
Getting a bit full of yourself.
A good artist knows their worth.
Let me guess - Charles?
- He's lived.
- And you haven't yet.
So if you want to put the
kibosh on the whole thing,
tell Mum you're leaving school.
I will too.
See? You're a bad influence.
Now, tidy this all up.
I don't want Cassie
coming home to a pigsty.
Fine.
And I won't have time for school
and Observation Earth.
Just saying.
Sorry. I had to make a decision.
I did call.
I was working.
And the reporter only had today
so I took care of it.
What reporter? Was it about me?
Uh, yes. Right, Dave?
Then why didn't
they interview me?
Good question. It is her art.
It was about other stuff.
Adult stuff.
How was your day, Rubes?
Market go well?
- I made $350.
- Wait... What?!
- Today?
- Yeah.
Mostly from my paintings,
but some from the poo.
And Carbo's
coming over tomorrow
to film me making
a new piece.
- And what's this one about?
- The prime minister.
- Oh!
- It's called Heart of Coal.
Carbo thinks it
could get us on the news.
OK, well, let's talk about
that after dinner, shall we?
Let me say good night
to your dad.
OK. Bye, Dad. I miss you.
You too, Rubes. Be good.
And thanks for saying good
things to the reporter.
Did you?
First, where you want to start?
The fact that she's about to
piss off the prime minister
or she makes more money in
a day than both of us?
Yeah, well, I'm starting to see
your point.
I just don't like this to get
bigger than her. She's a kid.
It's already changing her.
Is that what you
said to the reporter?
In so many words.
He seemed pretty impressed,
actually.
OK, well, I should get off.
It's my turn for dinner.
- OK. Love you.
- You too.
'Night.
Oi. Mind if I join?
No kombucha tonight?
It's hard to find in Buradeena.
Besides, it's the first time
in a while I've felt like a beer
and not been worried
I'd want three more.
The last few days have felt like
a wheel alignment.
Good.
Good you're feeling a bit more
on top of things.
Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
Well, you know I'm here for you.
I'm your dad.
It's funny, watching you
and Paddo
made me realise something.
It's not a dad I need right now.
I... I need a mate.
Well, a mate it is.
Cassie? Are you still up?
Babe? About Greece.
It isn't about the money.
Well, it's not just that.
Ben?
How could you
be so stupid?
I was just
trying to hose it down.
What, by calling your
daughter's artwork crap?
That's not what I said.
'It's just a big load of crap
about crap.' End quote.
Who said that?
No one, darling.
Is that Ruby?
Don't go online.
Ruby? Look, it was just a joke
that I said to a journalist.
He made
it sound like I was serious.
It's a bit early for art,
isn't it?
That's what Retta said.
But Rubes calls the shots.
A bit too much these days,
I reckon.
Why does that look like blood?
She wants to up the impact. You
know, go big or go home, right?
Hey, Justin really doesn't want
that live stream thing.
Mate, the fans will flip out
if I don't.
OK. Who's ready
to get carbonated?
You said that to a journalist?
Dave, stop speaking. Ruby,
it is not as bad as it sounds.
I'm trying to save the world
and my dad thinks it's crap!
Here she is,
what do you say, Rubes?
Ready to stick it to the PM?
Is that Carbo? Is he filming?
- You called it crap.
- I didn't mean it!
My dad thinks I'm a joke.
Carbo, turn the camera off!
- Oof!
- What?
- Comments.
- They're commenting?
Mm.
Don't people have
better things to do?
Nah. They don't seem to.
What are they saying?
Actually, no, don't tell me.
Well, she's officially
gone viral again.
So, isn't this what you want?
Not if the whole world
is laughing at her
and it's my fault!
This is exactly what I didn't
want to happen.
Can't we shut it down?
You gonna answer that?
Mm-mmm.
Hello.
Dad, why didn't you call me
first? Or Justin.
Buradeena's taking
a bit of a walloping, Rachel.
The whole thing is
in danger of falling apart.
This isn't what Ruby wants.
Look, in
the scheme of things...
In the scheme of things,
this is a nine-year-old girl
who is being offered
an amazing opportunity
that may never
come her way again
which is always, always
depended
on her parents presenting
a united front
and being supportive.
Not one parent completely
undermining her.
Let's just calm it
down a little bit.
Good luck, Justin,
spinning 'rogue father'.
I'm not rogue and
I don't want to be spun.
Speak to no one, do not answer
any calls, except from me.
I'll phone in a few hours.
Given how civil this one's been,
I can't wait for the follow-up.
Margaret Thatcher,
eat your heart out.
Who?
I need to
see Dad before work
but I'm not sure
I should leave her.
Can't Donna get
someone to cover?
She'll be fine. I've already got
a plan to cheer her up.
The healing nature of art.
You never cease to surprise.
Ben Rafter - art-lover, fixer.
Who knew?
To think I came down
here to help.
You know, I keep
thinking about Greece.
It's going
to wonderful for Cassie.
We'll need someone
to carry our bags.
Oh, what, your mother trailing
along the cobblestones?
I don't think so.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Bye.
What am I doing?
Dave's right. The kids don't
need me micromanaging them.
Even if I do call it helping.
This feeling isn't going away.
Which means it isn't about
the kids or you at all.
Donna asked me,
'Well, then what?'
Then what?
This is the fourth message
I've left for you, Ryan.
You misquoted me.
And on behalf of my daughter,
I demand an apology.
And have the guts
to answer your bloody phone.
Please tell me your solution
isn't buying drugs.
Not yet.
What if someone recognises me?
Calm down, Picasso.
I think you'll be fine.
There she is.
The newest sacrifice to
the whims of the Twitterverse.
Charles knows all.
- You OK?
- Mm-hm.
- Come on, you two.
- Coming.
Thanks for this.
Thank you for asking.
Welcome. Come on in.
- You know this artist?
- He cut off his ear.
Poor Vincent. You probably made
more yesterday
than he did in his whole career.
Now he's called a genius.
I bet people
didn't laugh at him.
Oh, but they did. Even his own
mother thought he was a joke.
Like Dad does me.
An embryonic radical like you
believing what you
read in the papers?
Shame on you.
I have no doubt he was
misquoted. Let it go.
Fine women artists
battling social prejudice.
Marie Bashkirtseff.
Her journal tells us
she cried with rage
because women were blocked from
the main art school in Paris.
Marie Bracquemond
Talented, self-taught.
Stopped by her new husband
from painting at all.
Suffocated by their times.
You're in good company, Ruby.
All artists suffer.
True artists rise above it
and pour those feelings
into their work.
Take 'Poor White Bears'.
Your empathy for a starving
creature captured on canvas,
your emotion, held there
for the future.
- Who painted this one?
- That one is mine.
Possibly the best thing I've
ever painted.
I took it to the
market one weekend
so confident, but sadly over two
full days, not a single bite.
Perhaps you're
a stronger artist than I
but rather than face the pain of
rejection again, I keep it here.
It may not have sold but it is
exists. That's what matters.
The work itself.
The rest is commerce.
We combine these with
this and we make these.
That eclipses
any momentary blues.
This is the most grown-up
conversation I've ever had.
And one you merit.
Now, pack away your woes,
go home and paint
whatever our talk inspires.
- What, now?
- Mm-hm.
Something serious.
No more poo, I think.
If that feels right.
It's sort of done
but still protest, though.
I want to make a difference.
Then find what needs saying,
say it, and you shall.
Let it free. It'll come out,
one way or another.
You get why Dave
wants to stay, right?
Oh, mate, I do now.
Last few days have felt like
getting off one of
those hamster wheels
that just keeps on turning.
Not sure what I'll get up to
with you and Dad back at work.
- He's a solid bloke, Dave.
- Yeah. He is.
- And Julie.
- Yeah, we lucked out.
Look, my dad
wasn't so great.
Not someone we admired
as kids, let's put it that way.
Look, I've learned a lot from
your old man.
Not just the apprenticeship.
He's been a role model,
and I like having one.
It's a two-way street.
It's been good for him
having you here too.
Cheers. I appreciate that.
Ah, it's true.
Hey, remember that place up on
top of the hill?
The big one? The new place?
Yeah. It's a wellness retreat.
Your dad and I wired it up.
They gave him a voucher
but you should use it.
Oh... That's his.
Dave doing hippy-dippy shit?
No, I really should get back
and get onto
the whole building thing.
Alright, besides,
lots of ladies.
And I saw the board.
'Probing sexual chakras'.
You made that up.
Nuh.
Chakras, mate. Chakras.
- Ben?
- Yeah.
We need to talk.
Sure.
I tried to talk to you last
night but you were asleep.
Babe, if Greece stresses you out
this much, we don't have to...
I don't want the IVF.
I only said yes again
because I love you.
I agree that we shouldn't rush.
We can wait a few cycles,
take as much time as you need.
Ben, please, I'm done.
I'm done with the hormones,
I'm done with the waiting,
my cycles under a microscope.
My cycles!
And the grief!
The grief,
yours as much as mine.
I cannot do it anymore.
You're done? Just like that?
Just... Oh, my God.
Do you have any idea how hard
it's been for me to tell you?
So that's my fault?
You're blaming me because
you couldn't say how you feel?
Name one time that I have
blocked you talking.
One time.
You don't need to because I knew
that you be angry and you are.
I'm finished.
This is our children we're
talking about, Cassie.
Our family,
and you're just finished?
I cannot let it be my life.
I will not let it.
I cannot be a womb on legs.
I'm sorry.
Donna, I've gotta go.
Dave's had an accident.
What's happened?
He's had a bad fall
off his motorbike.
It's his shoulder, his arm,
I'm not sure -
I just have to
get up there, alright?
Of course. Call me
when you know more.
Let us know
when you get there.
I will. I'll call you
as soon as I arrive.
I'll be back soon, OK?
I'm alright.
Don't worry about me.
Tell Dad I hope he feels
better.
I will. He's going to be fine.
Tell my dad I'm good.
Oh! I will, darling.
- OK. Bye.
- Bye.
- Drive safe.
- I will.
OK.
- Mwah. Bye.
- Bye.
I love you all.
Love you, Mum. Bye.
Bye.
Last corner. You want us to help
you in your pyjamas or...
No, no. I'll just
lie down for a tick.
Here you go.
Yep. Gotcha.
You know what I can't
get out of my head?
That split-second
from when you're in control
and then you're
flying through the air
feeling like you'll never stop.
Until, slam, you do.
And that's when I saw it.
A spike sticking out of a log.
Like a dagger.
Another six inches, it would've
gone straight through me.
You were pretty lucky, eh.
Gives a man perspective,
is all I'm saying.
Dad always the solid one.
Now on shifting sands.
Suddenly the girl
with everything
can feel everything
falling apart.
And Nathan,
the most likely to succeed,
who can't cut a break.
And then there's me.
The most together one
in the family.
You haven't said a word
to me all night.
We will be fine. We are fine.
Ben, we're not fine.
I had to throw down vodka to
get the courage to talk to you.
What does that say about us?
A wife who's too scared
to tell her husband the truth?
A husband who's
too obsessed to hear it.
We need help. A counsellor.
To say what?
I've always wanted my own kids,
Cassie. Always have.
You know how I feel.
We don't need
marriage guidance people
to tell us what we already know.
Well, maybe I do!
For heaven sake, Ben.
Stop lying to yourself.
And just like that, I'm as
screwed up as the rest of them.